Welcome back in this section we learned about a new database that we're going to use called Rhetors.
It's extremely popular and you're going to see a lot of companies using it.
So I really wanted us to get comfortable with it.
And I also want to you to get comfortable with it because we're going to added to our smart brain app.
You see up until now we don't really have a way to manage sessions of the user.
That is a user has to log in every single time every time they visit the Web site and the Web site doesn't
really remember them.
We're not really able to update profiles or create profiles and have that ability without sessions.
So we're going to be including red S in our next session to actually show you how we can implement sessions.
We're going to add it to our doctor container which we've created and then have our API communicate
with the rattus server to check if a user is logged in or not.
So that we're able to keep users logged in.
And this is a bit of a special section because it's going to keep going into the next session because
if you remember Bruno asked us to have these added to our ability of the smart brain braina or to the
ability of the smart brain to and knowing what we just learned about retests we're now finally able
to a added to our docker container for development.
And then finally connected to our API and because rattus is so fast again and a memory data storage
Brunos going to be extremely happy with us because we find a way not to slow down our Web site while
also keeping these user sessions.
Interesting right.
It's going to be a lot of fun when we finally see all of these dots connected and that's when you're
going to have an aha moment.
These topics of darker red S in containers is really really difficult and really hard to teach because
there's so many moving pieces.
And I hope you stay patient with me because I know not everything is 100 percent clear yet but I promise
you if you follow through with the next section we're going to understand how everything is connected
how everything works and how you're going to be able to do the same thing on your own projects.
So that finally when you go work for a company you can have a set up not just like this for development
but also for production where you have different dangers.
You can have different rattus clusters you can have different database clusters with the idea being
the same.
You're just connecting these services together and each service does one thing really really well.
So stick with me.
Looking forward to in the next session I hope you are too.
I'll see you on that one.